docs: revise default values and descriptions (#991)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/templates/event-warning.md

<!--
type: template
name: event-warning
-->
<br>

> Component events will not trigger when properties are set programmatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Property changed events, such as `open-changed` and `value-changed`, will not be triggered when the properties are updated programmatically.
```

Author: I think the example ( such as `open-changed` and `value-changed** ) is not correct. Events that don't have -changed prefix also not fired when properties are updated programmatically. In another word all events should not be triggered when the properties are updated programmatically.

Reviewer: `add-attach-target-events` of Autosuggest component fires when `attach` prop is updated programmatically. We need to find a way to handle this exception and I'm afraid there could be more.

Reviewer: resolving this as it's no longer relevant.
